The Joe Rogan experience. The weirdest I've ever been around were homeschooled.
Yeah. Homeschooling is interesting, dude.
I know a guy who is homeschooled and he's so awkward and he's in his thirties.
Yeah. He's just so he doesn't know how to hang. Yeah. He can't hang.
He never learned how to hang. He, no one's ever with him. Yeah. He doesn't know.
He doesn't know how to deal with people. J jabbing him and just around with him.
He's like, woo. He doesn't <laugh> he doesn't get it. Is he mentally ill? No,
he's a smart guy in terms of like, he could rattle off facts.
Why did his parents homeschool him? Religion? That's that's part of it. Yeah.
It's a lot of it, man. Most of them real Christian stuff or yeah. Yeah.
Anti-vax too lot of weight vacs. The whole deal. Wow.
You're gonna take apple cider vinegar and it's gonna cure everything.
We gonna trust bill and Melinda gates, you know? Well with the vaccines, I mean,
they're going all over the third world, sticking a needle in anything. I mean,
those they are, they are the fact they're trying to use.
Listen, they're try to help people. If it works, pause, what,
what do you think would be their motive? First of all,
bill gates literally has 90 billion. He's trying to,
I'm good things with his money and trying to use his money for philanthropy.
Sure.
But hold on the idea that these crack pot conspiracy theories have that bill
gates is the antichrist. Cuz he wants to get people Inno related from vaccines.
Yeah.
With vaccines and viruses that he's somehow or another trying to control people.
Bill gates has everything. Yeah. He doesn't need anything more. I agree.
He's not trying to get anything more.
He's making no attempts to control markets,
no attempts to get to like a thousand billion dollars. A hundred percent.
He's not doing that, but he's you using his foundation to try to,
to help people get, get healthy, help people get internet. Yeah.
Help people get running water. But they have, I mean, listen,
they've done things in the third world. Like they've,
they've introduced certain vaccines and stuff that have had adverse health
consequences for people. Like what? Um, this is, I mean you could look it up,
but this has literally happened. I mean,
they've been involved with things you it's.
Has you gone well when say something like that.
If you don't wanna get sued yeah.
By the richest man in the world and you're going to he's coming after you right
now. I will, I will. I will gladly get in a high profile,
legal battle with bill gates right now about vaccines.
What do you think about vaccines? No, I think they're fine for the most part,
but if he wants to Sue me because it's something I said on a podcast,
let's go well, could only help. He did. No can't no.
He went CRI financial debt. I don't research these companies,
but I know for a fact that you know,
he's been involved in vaccine things that did not go well,
where'd you read this? I read it. Present planet.com. No, no. I've read it.
This is, this is a fact. This is a reality. You can't just listen.
People have issues vaccines. When you are saying it's a fact. Yeah. You,
you have to be able to reference. I don't. I, if you don't,
you don't really have enough information to say it's a fact. Well,
it's something that's been reported and it's been incredibly reported by who?
I mean see what I'm saying, but no it's incredibly reported.
Gates' foundation accused of dangerously skewing aid priorities by promoting
corporate global. Look at the people in the back of that photo.
They don't look at me. What does that mean? Don't look that's,
that's not what we're asking. We're talking about adverse reactions to vaccines.
No. Yeah, Jamie, but, but say that, but let me see that article title again.
What a bizarre title. Look at this accused of click on it. Please.
Dangerously skewing aid priorities by promoting corporate
globalization. What does that mean? Everything's in quotes around everything.
Everything's in one umbrella, right? Like his company, his, his,
his health initiative. <affirmative> all of these things work together.
And that, you know, you have to trust that everybody's motives are pure.
I don't think he's trying to depopulate the world, but you know,
these people stand to make lots and lots of money if people adopt certain
vaccines, right. Or certain things that are, you know,
maybe medically advantageous, maybe not maybe necessary. Maybe not.
There's definitely an issue when money's involved with any sort of treatment.
Yeah.
And this is one of the issues that a lot of the conspiracy theorists bring up
when it comes to ventilators that a hospital gets X amount.
If someone gets brought into intensive care and then they get Y amount,
if they're put on a ventilators. So they're saying, well,
there's a motivation to put people on ventilators. Yeah.
Perhaps I would hope never.
But there have been cases of people doing surgery on people that didn't need it.
There have been cases of people doing things to people and treatments on people
where it wasn't necessary to provide, you know, something. So they,
they wanted to make money and they, they do things to people just to make money,
not to make them better. That has happened.
I think there was something in India. If you look at bill gates, India,
I think I, I vaccines. Yeah. I, I mean, listen, I'm not making,
I'm not making this up. I understand. But do you understand what I'm saying?
That you're saying something as a fact and you have literally no data. I,
I have the, I have the data. I just can't recall the exact name of it.
That doesn't mean it didn't happen well, but you don't know if it happened.
If you can't. Well, I didn't go and investigate it data. Okay. Here we go.
Why is going for that? Thank you. Under fire from critics in India. Well,
let's read it funded two entities that have played a key role in
immunization program and are both under fire for conflict of interest. Okay.
It doesn't mean adverse reactions to vaccines 2009,
several schools for tribal children. Jesus Christ. We're.
Does that say those names?
The Kaman Kama? I don't even know Kama district. Yeah.
We'll just get that in Teang Ghana,
then a part of, uh,
undivided undre Prade became sites for
observational studies for a cervical cancer vaccine that was administered to
thousands of girls. So it's a HPV disease. That's a dangerous, uh, vaccine.
That's a dangerous vaccines. Oh, these girls are whores. Okay. Forget it. Sorry.
No, no, the vaccine's dangerous. Yeah. That HPV there's people have had, uh,
adverse reaction to that. Uh, like a high number.
The girls were administered by the, uh, with, uh,
administered the human papilloma virus vaccine in three rounds. That,
that year under the supervision of state health department officials,
the vaccine used was a Gardasil manufactured by
Meck, Merck. Yeah. Months later, many girls started falling ill and, and,
and by 20 10, 5 of them died. Yeah. That's a, but that is a, uh, I get it.
I that's a controversial vaccine period. I'm just more. It's good.
But it's one of those ones where there's a high number of adverse reactions,
estimated 14,000 children studying schools meant for tribal children.
So vaccinated with another band brand of HPV vaccine
cer cervix. I like when they're like on the nose like that. Oh,
is it cervical cancer? Yeah. We'll call it cervix.
Cervix manufactured by GSK earlier in the week,
the associated press reported that scores of teenage girls were hospitalized in
a small town north in more than Columbia with symptoms that parents
suspected could be adverse, adverse reaction to Gardisil. Mm.
So some people died from this vaccine, but it is it go Google, uh,
HPV vaccine, dangerous reactions. Cause I, I I've read that.
There's a certain percentage, whether it's, you know,
one 10th or I used whatever, when there's a, some people get,
when anyone stands to make billions of dollars and Institute
something,
that's going to be very widely accepted as now necessary for life.
You know, you have to ask questions about it.
According to HPV vaccine manufacturers,
the most common adverse reactions to Gar to include include pain, swelling,
redness, sting, bruising, bleeding out the injection site and headache, fever,
nausea, diarrhea, abdominal pain. And it keeps going. It's not that bad.
I'm not saying that he's doing something inherently wrong,
but you have to watch people like that. And the fact that nobody knows,
like nobody knows he, you know, this is not a well known thing I understand,
but the idea that this is how he wants to make his money by vaccine,
there's a world that's increasingly run by billionaires whom
tell us what isn't isn't necessary and how things are gonna be. Right.
That's true. Whether they're in tech, whether they're in health,
whatever they are, mm-hmm <affirmative>, these are billionaires.
Generally they give these Ted talks and stuff like that.
People don't pay attention. What they're doing.
They're they influence the political system in ways that we have in,
in that we know about and don't know about. And you gotta watch these people.
I never know bill gates. Okay. Hold on. I have no idea what he wants to do.
Now we're talking about a totally different thing. And I agree with you.
See the thing is before 2000, let's say 2000,
no one had any inkling whatsoever that social media was gonna have an impact on
political realms on the way, you know, just language.
What, what sort of, uh, discourse was allowed? What wasn't allowed,
no one ever thought that, that this was gonna be an impact.
And that these companies would literally earn billions of dollars
by selling your data. Meaning what are you interested in?
What are you clicking on? Yeah. What are you going to? And that's what,
that's what they're getting their money from.
There's a great podcast that Sam Harris put out.
I wish I could remember the guest,
but he was talking about how we didn't know that our data in terms of our search
history, uh, the stuff that we go to, where,
where we travel to with Google maps,
we didn't know that that data was a commodity. Right?
And so we signed off on one of the most valuable commodities in the world.
I think it's bigger than oil right now. It's it's gigantic. Yeah.
And these companies, not only do they gather out this commodity,
but then they use their influence to,
to influence social aspects of our culture.
The way we communicate what's allowed, what's not allowed.
And that's that's squirrely because these people are a lot of 'em are socially
inept. I mean, all this stuff you were talking about at the beginning,
when you say, when they we're gonna gonna come to you, and they're gonna say,
you need a card, you need this, you need that. Uh, the free flow of travel,
how you're allowed to travel or around the country and the world.
A lot of these people,
whether gates or whoever are going to have a huge input in those
laws that are made. And they're gonna think they're doing it for a good reason.
Of course not everybody does everything because they think they're doing it for
a good reason. Not necessarily, you know? Well, a lot of people do,
some people do. I bought my house cuz I believed it was gonna work.
<laugh> I bought it cuz I believed in home ownership. The point is that,
I just think you have to look into this. It's not my, my job. Yes.
To have every fact before I speak, but not it's my, it's not my job.
When you talk about bill gates and vaccines and things along those lines,
you probably should. If bill gates wants to tweet at me and educate me later at
fear,
the real fear is that they're practicing with these vaccines on poor people.
That's what, Well's what they of. That's what they're doing. They're doing it.
They call the school a tribal girl school.
I know tribal tribal girl school. What kind of, I mean,
it's crazy native Americans. I mean, bill gates,
wouldn't be doing that in be air or Beverly Hills. You should, you know,
I agree. Grab kids, start grabbing those tos and putting needles in their face.
Grab those little Beverly kids, private schools.
I walk around every day and those little pieces of.
Give me a look cuz they know I shouldn't be there,
but it's close to my house where I have to walk.
We have to walk and get air and just see other people.